## Caamp website
! [image from web] (https://caamptheband.com/)
#### I really like the aesthetics of this website. Of course, it is not something that is strictly professional, as it is for a band and not a scholar or business person. However, the website clearly brings personality to the forefront of its design. Furthermore, I think the layout is quite user friendly. For instance, look at how the lyrics page is set up. Users can navigate to the desired album on the left side of the page and scroll through the lyrics of each song from said album on the right. Both of these components make the site very easy on the eyes and very fun to browse through. Taken together, they help users develop a personal connection to the site and band, making them more likely to listen to their music or buy their merchandise. 

## Explore Parts Unkown
! [image from web] (https://explorepartsunknown.com/)
#### This website flows! The incorporation and integration of several different media is quite engrossing. I am drawn to the map included on the homepage, and would love to work on a project that is augmented by an interactive map. I think the person/people who designed this website have a deft curatorial touch. I enjoy the ways it plays on a genre, the travel website, by playing into certain conventions while also putting personal touches on their presentation. 

### These two websites are visually pleasing and easy, if not intuitive, to navigate. First time users know exactly what they are going to get in each site. There has clearly been careful consideration in the layout and format of each site, which is something I wish to emulate. I do not want my site to give headaches to its viewers, as I can think of nothing else that will get them to disregard it more quickly. 